yo it up this is a fairly quick video
talking about some of the gifts that i
have sent to my daughter lately some of
them are brought to her in person some
of them i just had to send in the mail
um the prequel to this story is that i
bought her a bicycle now it's a special
sort of bicycle for a very young child
that in french is called a valid reason
excuse my pronunciation so it's not the
sort of bicycle an adult would ride it's
safe and a kid can sort of shuffle along
on it is efficient inner clear video I
never heard back about that I never got
a photograph of my daughter riding the
bicycle right thing and while I think
it's a nice gift I mean you know bought
my daughter a bicycle um I also
recognize like you know it might be an
imposition on her mom like you know
where do you keep the bicycle this sort
of thing so the next round of gifts have
brought these I gave to her in person
myself and this this vegan Fox here is
really beautiful and this connects to it
an earlier gift that bought a ratchet I
bought her a set of storybooks from
Japan that are a famous story about a
family of foxes beautifully illustrated
and in Japanese that came out of my
study of Japanese but it's a children's
story book about foxes and this my hands
are very large but that fox is really
enormous relative to the size of a small
child and it's not just a toy it's
actually a puppet you can put your hand
inside and the mouth open and closes
it's a fully articulated puppet but my
hand is too big for it so I I couldn't
really demonstrate their on camera how
that Fox works but that's really a very
impressive toy for a child and there's
one more my hand does fit inside a
raccoon so yeah the Fox as a toy relates
to the story books that I bought her
earlier and I've given her some other
linked gifts that way where the things
sort of fit together and the two
colorful boxes were a pair of board
games that she really liked and we we
played with together you could see that
in the sort of little four-minute video
for the last isn't that with her but
when I saw her that time at two years
old she was
in her own opinion too sophisticated for
stuffed toys she wasn't really
interested in playing with that stuff at
all it could be a face she grows out of
you never know with kids so next round
of gifts as I've already mentioned here
was this sophisticated vegan purse
designer purse and then I try to put as
much fun stuff in it as possible so
already you see the the paintbrush there
that's a really nice paintbrush that a
little kid can have a lot of fun with
you know nice to the touch as well as
nice to the eye the funny pink round
thing relates to a specific childhood
memory I have oh yeah the designer
wallet okay how could i omit to mention
you know again this this reflects my own
memories of childhood and what I think
is kind of cool or fun for a kid you
know the wallet the point isn't that
she's actually gonna you know be using
it to keep her charge curds and
everything but what I remember his
little kid being fun was having having
an item that you could hide other items
in you know where you could have fun
with whether it was a box or a container
or you know the the purse itself as
being a fun place to conceal your other
worldly possessions whether those are
marbles or toys or or little figurines
such as the one I bought for so i think
the wallet would be fun for even though
obviously she's not going to be using
credit cards you know you could put
other you could put game cards in their
use it for all kinds of all kinds of
things as a kid and the funny pink round
thing that is a collapsible cup and this
relates to a specific childhood memory I
had I had a collapsible Cup as a young
kid and it was not as well designed as
that collapse woke up that's a
collapsible cups rubbery but the classic
up my mother gave me when I was little
kid I played with until it fell to
pieces because it's not so robust in its
design there are a few photographs of me
there because i assume my daughter has
no photographs of me and you know they
include some photographs of me with my
daughter and also at least one that just
shows my face as mentioned earlier video
i got a lovely full color paint kit
these are watercolors with a gel texture
and that has its own tiny paintbrush
also that neatly fits inside the purse
suggested use beautiful watercolor
paints along with the other paintbrush
you could actually you could use the
classical cup for for water and use the
purse to paint with more figurines I
bought all these figurines new in the
head packaging but I took them out of
the packaging so they would fit nicely
inside the purse and again this you know
so this really reflects my memories of
childhood what I found endlessly fun
entertaining when I was a really small
kid really early memories were things
like a tape measure you know where was a
device that had some kind of use it had
a button on it you know of course he
didn't do it I didn't do anything really
useful to be going to measure things you
could slide out the the tape measure and
slide it back in oh yeah I'm what are
the advantages of having a father who's
lived in a bunch of obscure countries
like sri lanka and laos and so on I for
good luck put some money inside that
wallet reflecting some of the different
countries have travelled through so
that's it maybe one day my daughter will
see this video and it'll remind her of
toys she had as a child I expect that
you know she'll remember some of the
toys but may not remember who was the
game to her it's natural enough